bring an umbrella just in case it rains.
the abandoned house is a sorry sight.
a good rule of thumb is to save 10%.
let's travel this summer, carpe diem! 
during my salad days, i traveled a lot.
off the record, the project is delayed.
thank goodness it's friday!
she makes big bucks working in finance.
we stayed indoors during the dog days of summer.
he's still wet behind the ears in this job.
he got his just deserts for cheating.
that car costs an arm and a leg.
never mind, we can try again later.
they invested in bricks and mortar.
that was a close call.
seeing her was a sight for sore eyes.
there was open warfare between the teams.
she sells crafts for pin money.
he finally won, third time lucky.
it's a race against time to finish the project.
i'll be there, rain or shine.
hold on a second, i'll be right back.
i bought this for next to nothing.
the houses were built cheek by jowl.
he came home black and blue after the fight.
the company needs to cut out the dead wood.
stranger things have happened, so it's possible.
he said he'll change, but pigs might fly.
her dance was poetry in motion.
she was dressed up to the nines for the event.
there's always a way around any problem.
the gift came with no strings attached.
the new manager was a shot in the arm.
he felt below the salt at the formal dinner.
she has a heart of gold, always helping others.
new projects are in the pipeline.
this is the golden age of technology.
the deal is in limbo until further notice.
his first day was a baptism of fire.
her kindness is beyond words. 
the proposal is on the table for discussion.
the car is in bad shape after the accident.
he's on the horns of a dilemma about his job.
she's under pressure to finish the project.
you are dead right about the decision.
give me five for a job well done!
he said it in the heat of the moment.
she's fit as a fiddle after her recovery.
charity begins at home with helping our neighbors.
he uses syrup of figs for digestion.
we’re racing against time to finish.
that hybrid animal is neither fish nor fowl.
the picture is well hung on the wall.
in a nutshell, it was a success.
he was caught red handed stealing.
help is at hand if needed.
follow the recipe by the numbers.
they have a sizable nest egg saved.
the product's shelf life is long.
the attic was filled with flotsam and jetsam.
they went out on the town.
he’s still on the fence about it.
she's single and fancy free.
they fell head over heels in love.
she agreed at the drop of a hat.
it was poetic justice for the villain.
he is innocent in the eyes of the law.
after work, he’s dead to the world.
the drawer was full of odds and ends.
she turned from an ugly duckling to a swan.
that job was money for old rope.
the daily grind can be exhausting.
he’s very well read and knowledgeable.
he’s no spring chicken anymore.
best to let sleeping dogs lie.
it’s easier said than done.
that son of a gun surprised me.
hold your horses, we’re almost there.
god forbid it happens again.
the rules apply across the board.
we’re working against the clock.
we’re all in the same boat.
he ended up on skid row.
she enjoys the best of both worlds.
let’s get to the nitty gritty.
decisions are made by the men in grey suits.
innocents were caught in the crossfire.
she was between life and death.
remember, time is money.
the company needs young blood.
that project was a labour of love.
this is the acid test for the product.
that old habit is dead and buried.
they’re as poor as a church mouse.
finding that solution was the holy grail.
to this day, she remembers.
his record is whiter than white.
let’s do this all together now.
the crime was an inside job.
she has the magic touch with plants.
